# Obscure networking protocols
install dccp /bin/false
install sctp /bin/false
install rds /bin/false
install tipc /bin/false
install n-hdlc /bin/false
install ax25 /bin/false
install netrom /bin/false
install x25 /bin/false
install rose /bin/false
install decnet /bin/false
install econet /bin/false
install af_802154 /bin/false
install ipx /bin/false
install appletalk /bin/false
install psnap /bin/false
install p8023 /bin/false
install p8022 /bin/false
install can /bin/false
install atm /bin/false

# Obscure file systems
install cramfs /bin/false
install freevxfs /bin/false
install jffs2 /bin/false
install hfs /bin/false
install hfsplus /bin/false
install squashfs /bin/false
install udf /bin/false

# Network file systems
install cifs /bin/true
install nfs /bin/true
install nfsv3 /bin/true
install nfsv4 /bin/true
install ksmbd /bin/true
install gfs2 /bin/true

# Vivid driver
install vivid /bin/false

# Web camera
install uvcvideo /bin/false
